1 - What is a boolean expression?
    A boolean expression is a logical statement that is either TRUE or FALSE.
    
2 - What are relational operators used for?
    Relational operators are used to compare the value of two expressions.

3 - What is the difference between == and = ?
    == is a relational operator used in conditional statements, for example after "if". = is for assigning a value to a variable.
    
4 - What are the three logical operators?
    The three logical operators are: and, or, and not.

5 - What do relational and logical operators evaluate to?
    They evaluate to True or False.
    
6 - What is the if statement used for?
    We use "if" to set up conditions that must be met for the program to perform an operation.

7 - What is an if/else statement used for?
    We use "if" and "else" to provide two different operations for the program to perform depending on whether a condition is met or not.

8 - What is a chained conditional? How do you chain conditionals?
    A chained conditional provides more than two possible conditions for the program to determine the correct operation. We use "if", "elif", and "else" to form these.

9 - What is a nested conditional?
    This is when you have a determination of a condition to meet, and after the first determination, there is another determination of condition that the program must run through before the final operations. 

10 - Is there a limit to how many conditional statements you can nest?
    There is theoretically no limit to conditional statements, however at some point you may exhaust the operational capacity of your computer.
    
11 - What is a while loop?
    A while loop tells Python to perform an operation continuously until a certain condition is met.
    
12 - What is a for loop? How is it different than a while loop?
    We use a for loop to move through all the items in a series such as a string or a list and perform the same operation on each one.
    
11 - What does the break statement do?
    The break statement tells Python to exit the loop.

12 - Is there a limit to how many loops you can nest?
     There is theoretically no limit to loops, however at some point you may exhaust the operational capacity of your computer.
